README.md, before:

Guides
======

An established code culture, written down. This gives us speed and efficency in onboarding and ongoings. 

Design sturdy apps, write code well. Be a BOSS. And a CHAMP.

- [Protocol](protocol): General development and architecture guidelines.
- [Coding Patterns and Practices](patterns-and-practices): A guide for programming well.
- [Code Style](code-style): A guide for programming in style.
- [Documentation & Specifications](documentation-and-specifications): A guide for appropriate documentation.
- [Issue Tracking](issue-tracking): A guide for appropriate code and application documentation.
- [Code Review](code-review): A guide for reviewing code and having your code reviewed.

### High level guidelines:

- Be consistent.
- Don't rewrite existing code to follow this guide.
- Don't violate a guideline without a good reason.
- A reason is good when you can convince a teammate.

### A note on the language:

- "Avoid" means don't do it unless you have good reason.
- "Don't" means there's never a good reason.
- "Prefer" indicates a better option and its alternative to watch out for.
- "Use" is a positive instruction.

### How To Contribute

- Open an issue specifically referencing the guideline and its location in the guides.
- Periodically review commits and comment as necessary on changes in commits.
- Avoid replying to raised issues with phrases like "Cool story, bro" or "Come at me bro!", 
  but do achieve closure on all heated guideline discussions with a bro hug/shake/bump.

<br>
![](http://cl.ly/image/0v0b071t0K3P/bam.gif)
<br>

Roughly based on [thoughtbot/guides](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides)

Commit message:

Add community styleguide links to readme.

README.md, after:

Guides
======

An established code culture, written down. This gives us speed and efficency in onboarding and ongoings. 

Design sturdy apps, write code well. Be a BOSS. And a CHAMP.

- [Protocol](protocol): General development and architecture guidelines.
- [Coding Patterns and Practices](patterns-and-practices): A guide for programming well.
- [Code Style](code-style): A guide for programming in style.
- [Documentation & Specifications](documentation-and-specifications): A guide for appropriate documentation.
- [Issue Tracking](issue-tracking): A guide for appropriate code and application documentation.
- [Code Review](code-review): A guide for reviewing code and having your code reviewed.

### High level guidelines:

- Be consistent.
- Don't rewrite existing code to follow this guide.
- Don't violate a guideline without a good reason.
- A reason is good when you can convince a teammate.

### A note on the language:

- "Avoid" means don't do it unless you have good reason.
- "Don't" means there's never a good reason.
- "Prefer" indicates a better option and its alternative to watch out for.
- "Use" is a positive instruction.

### Additional Guides:

The following are other organizations' guides that we consider solid and worth following. In some cases, there may be contradictions, but our expectation is to follow internal guidelines first, followed by community guidelines.

- [Github CSS Styleguide](https://github.com/styleguide/css)
- [Github JS Styleguide](https://github.com/styleguide/js)
- [Github Ruby Styleguide](https://github.com/styleguide/ruby)

### How To Contribute

- Open an issue specifically referencing the guideline and its location in the guides.
- Periodically review commits and comment as necessary on changes in commits.
- Avoid replying to raised issues with phrases like "Cool story, bro" or "Come at me bro!", 
  but do achieve closure on all heated guideline discussions with a bro hug/shake/bump.

<br>
![](http://cl.ly/image/0v0b071t0K3P/bam.gif)
<br>

Roughly based on [thoughtbot/guides](https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides)
